lalai galera hayashi thing to you more
the video was commented today's movie is
about paula dangerous because it is
today once again you produce a video
on homs
before the guys who want it soon
of the beautiful docelina cup and between reclame
relax what I think is gone again
tomorrow on Sunday if there is no
Bombshell news about drops or things
Like I bring you an episode.
new beauty rpg should be the ninth
episode which must approve it tomorrow
in fact will have special participation already
is recorded will have the participation
special that you're going to enjoy right
Tomorrow, you should take note of the RPG
but let's talk about it then .
Today's video is similar to
subject of yesterday's video is who you see
the video you're learned yesterday brought
a video talking a little about the
dynamic mapping which is one of the
local news sheltered others will
to play in multiplayer mode is through
of some interviews given to sites
and gringas magazines
we can get some ideas from
How best is this map going to work?
dynamic in another video of yesterday giving
my opinion by saying a little about the
what I thought about what he could
I expect a certain number today, too.
address a subject that we have discovered
through interviews was actually
through the same interview you have
yesterday that joe I'll have the deal
animation leader of infinity ward gave
for official playstation magazine and the
This is the topic we 're going to talk about.
about the new ending
Okay, you know the couple fought each other.
no one is 9 so he is
I'll see you said a little about this
change and it was not revealed that in fact
true even the indy is the same as what
We 've already seen it and all the latest
copper years
but in a gigantic improved form
of the sheet say they can already
consider as a new engine or
it's the same engine I already suspected
A lot of this because it gives you
to realize you know you realize by
for a short time - or at least
less expensive some is some it 's kind I know
there but you know in day understood
so for March to be changed I know I have
sure that a lot of you too
They got the impression through
rails that they revealed that it was
even in 2011
much improved form is something I
I realized that it was also clear that they
They not exchanged and it made me a little
yes it was the question of the wives and must have
perceived that some moments of some
explosions
the explosions appeared to be identical with
explosions that we have today
hence in the current calculations did not disappoint
rather they will have to improve this
I do not have the slightest idea either.
how hard it must be for them
change it will be there I think it should
have tried to give a little effort
and in doing so will strive for a
little at this point but ultimately bind in
that the statement is not the flight and
the official playstation magazine itself
just open quotation marks
when we 're talking about a
new engine we're talking about
significant improvements in
of the one in me
we are not talking about throwing everything
out and saying that people are
starting from scratch again does not close quotes
what happens
the indy in the same cordel why the
gameplay I think it will continue very
very much like what people
have on the current consoles and do not
Just understand this, this is so much for me.
Good, and I like it, you understand, it's us.
will have great improvements 5 will have the
better physics better graphics
I believe things like that.
certain is is going to be very similar to
broth that we currently have is that
I now want to put some
some points on the agenda here for
You certain first I do not care.
with graphic improvement not having been
big is for me broth and never was nor
will never be based on graphics for
my cause has the best gameplay
from an fps I played in ve
me the main decod I think is the
which attracts so many fans every day and I
I also think that the real fans are the
real fans and not like in the game right
changing it for me is the main one is
way it will not change right then it will not
It does not matter to me if the club will have
a big graphic improvement is not stupid
I never wanted to and I do not want him to have
battlefield level graph by
example to me it does not fit it would not stay
cool understand whatever is to have a
nice graphic of that beginning with
a slightly more caught gameplay
a little more is that you know you do not
had that fluidity at the time the player
quality I preferred to continue the
the way they are, they can improve
graphic understood
Another thing is I think this time as
now we have new consoles with
potential
now they could finally make a
engine that really is
had a significant change because
are calling 9mm and it really goes
have a very big change in
comparison with hygiene is with
situation in India's current reality.
is in box 2 today for example understood
I think now they can change a lot
thing can really improve the part
can really improve this
structure knows these things all is
lighting because now the new
consoles have a much greater capacity to
It's not accepting that the consoles
Current perhaps do not know but there
suddenly not worth it to him
to improve so much that they are going to
have stagnates in certain points and
now maybe they might be advancing
a little more and the third Portuguese
also has to emphasize that this game
fell a game of cross generation or
a game that will come out for two generations
different from the seventh and eighth islands
so they could not create a
entirely new India that was not
supported on the current consoles because
whether or not you want a large
their sales will still be in the seventh
No one will buy because they have
a lot of people are going to buy new
will compare the number of people who
will buy the new consoles already in
budget with the number of people already
have the current islands do not know that much
People will only buy the ps4 xbox ball
for 2014 sometimes until 2015 I do not know
so a lot of people the vast majority
great majority will not even play the
Heat of the new generation's goals is still
most likely the vast majority will
start playing the new urine cup
generation only next year is that it should be
the next-generation treyarch club there
Yes, you should not go out to
playstation 3 and xbox 360 will depend
much of how the market will be
in that moment we have as
to prevent it gives the environment that a
failure in sales the price of the consoles is
very high, but let's suppose that in the
next year because of the pain coming out
only for the eighth generation, there it is
It is possible that we may have a
change of indie or better
and not that now is not the
really better in the charts yet
one more significant improvement still
that can go further
understood, it's just you take as an example there
also the jacket 23 of the safe 3 was a
code that came out for two generations of
his practice and for the seventh generation of
consoles and the graphic difference of the club
did because of four that left only
in current code generation
the first model only appears in xbox
360 and ps3 did not leave
the ps2 xbox these things so you see the
graphic difference was gigantic and is
The same engine understood was from the
four club that we had the standard
graph which life went on
seventh generation of consoles you take
also compares the value of 44 black ops
two the gigantic graphic difference
also the gigantic even then I go
over the years I ascended to me this new
in quotation marks that the goal box is
adopting will be very professional to
You will have the grace of getting better
and from that year's code here the boy
He called the cut next year to
people will probably make a difference
very big because it puts it like I said
I believe it happens next year.
go out only for the new generation they will
really delve into everything they
Get a new engine and then
how were the years we spent
will have something better right but more
there then that's it wanted to bring today
I hope you have enjoyed
comment below you think about
if you did not see the video of yesterday talking
about the maps gives us there was fine
cool to gameplay was also so more
Easy, I know you like it.
gameplay of the game is a little strange
appear on the channel and I'm staying for
here then if you liked chocolate the
your favorite and that's it then a hug to
everybody stay with god and it's even the most